add monorepo sample (#54)
temporalio/samples-typescript: monorepo-folders/README.md

# monorepo-folders

This example is meant to help people with alternative folder structures to our hello-world:

```bash
packages/
  backend-apis/
    server.ts # runs Express server on localhost:4000, has Temporal Client that calls workflows
  frontend-ui # this is a Create-React-App on localhost:3000, proxies api requests to :4000
  temporal-worker/
    worker.ts # registers Temporal Worker that has Workflows and Activities from /temporal-workflows
  temporal-workflows/
    lib/ # compiled workflows
    src/
      workflowA/
          activities/
            activitiesA.ts
            activitiesB.ts
          workflow.ts
      workflowB/
          activities/
            activitiesC.ts
            activitiesD.ts
          workflow.ts
      workflowE.ts
      all_workflows.ts
      activityF.ts
node_modules
package.json
```

Notes on the structure demonstrated:

> - **Workflows require one file**: you can organize workflows however you like, but you need to export them all in a single file per Worker (so that the Worker's webpack has an entry point)

Reviewer: Did we talk about having `workflowsPaths` plural? Don't see it in the current API. If not, I'd say:

`**One Workflow file per Worker**`: you can organize Workflow code however you like, but each Worker needs to reference a single file that exports all the Workflows it handles (so that the Worker's webpack has an entry point)

Does a Worker need to be able to handle all Workflows on the queue? If yes, can change "Workflows it handles" to "Workflows executed on its task queue".

Reviewer: Could maybe take this opportunity to show two additional workers—one that only knows about workflowA and activitesA/B, and the other that knows workflowB and activitiesC/D? Or could be another sample

Author: - no i dont think we discussed plural wfpaths - i think @bergundy had a reason for not doing it
- no, worker listening to queue without the right workflow type registered will simply not pick it up
- i think its ok to show additional workers yeah, will probably do that here rather than adding yet another sample

- `backend-apis` contains all the backend API routes (we use Express.js here, but could easily be a set of serverless functions)
  - Some routes have a Temporal Client that calls workflows
- `temporal-worker` has independently scalable Workers that have Workflows and Activities registered
- `temporal-workflows` is a shared source folder containing Workflow and Activity code that is used by both the Client in `backend-apis` and the Worker in `temporal-worker`

```bash
packages/
  backend-apis/
    server.ts # runs Express server on localhost:4000 
  frontend-ui # this is a Create-React-App on localhost:3000, proxies api requests to :4000
  temporal-worker/
    worker.ts # registers Temporal Worker that has Workflows and Activities from /temporal-workflows
  temporal-workflows/
    lib/ # compiled workflows
    src/
      workflowA/
          activities/
            activitiesA.ts
            activitiesB.ts
          workflow.ts
      workflowB/
          activities/
            activitiesC.ts
            activitiesD.ts
          workflow.ts
      all_workflows.ts
      all_activities.ts
node_modules
package.json
```

Notes on the structure demonstrated:

> - **Workflows require one file**:  you can organize Workflow code however you like, but each Worker needs to reference a single file that exports all the Workflows it handles (so that the Worker's webpack has an entry point)

Reviewer 2: 1 file is required because workflows are registered when exported, if we let devs use multiple files we’d have to handle name conflicts instead of letting js do that for us

Author: ```suggestion
- **Workflows require one file**:  you can organize Workflow code however you like, but each Worker needs to reference a single file that exports all the Workflows it handles (so you have to handle name conflicts instead of us)
```
